# projet_cy_meteo

Projet CY_METEO

**_About this project_**

The goal of this project is to create an application that will process a weather data file in order to display graphics.

**_Tables des matières_**

- About this project
- Installation
- Utilisation
- Contribution
- Build with
- Documentation
- Licensing

4. Build with
_Langages & Frameworks_

-> A script in Shell language will allow the user to indicate the data he wants to analyze, to filter these data and to make graphs.
-> The Shell script calls a program in C language so the goal is to sort the information and write the sorted information to a file.
-> Thanks to these new sorted files, the graphics will be generated by the Gnuplot application.

5. Documentation

The purpose of this section is to explain the commands used in this program and how to use them. This command is found under the name --help in the shell program.

--help :

-Type of data:
At least one of these options must be chosen for the script to work.
It is possible to activate several of them: there is no particular limitation at this level.

-t (temperature) [mode]:
This option must be accompanied by a mode.
	-1:
	Produces an error bar graph.
	-2:
	Produces a simple line diagram.
	-3:
	Produces a multiple line diagram.


-p (pressure) [mode]:
This option must be accompanied by a mode.
	-1:
	Produces an error bar graph.
	-2:
	Produces a simple line diagram.
	-3:
	Produces a multiple line diagram.

-m (moisture):
Produces a vector diagram.

-h (height) :
Produces an interpolated and colored map diagram.

-w (wind):
Produces an interpolated and colored map diagram.

- Geographical option:
That only one option at a time can be activated at a time.
If none is activated, there will be no geographical limitation on the processed measures.
	-F:
	Metropolitan France + Corsica.
	-G:
	French Guiana.
	-S:
	Saint-Pierre and Miquelon: islands located in Eastern Canada
	-A:
	Antilles.
	-O:
	French islands in the Indian Ocean
	-Q:
	Antarctica.

-f [name_file]:
Is the path to the filtered data file. This option is mandatory.

-o [name_file]:
Is the Path of the output file. This option is mandatory.

-r (reverse):
Is used to sort in descending order. 
This argument is optional. If it is not filled in, the sorting will be done in the ascending direction by default.

- Sorting method:
There can only be one sorting method at a time.
If none is activated, the sorting will be done by AVL.
	--avl:
	The sorting method is by AVL.
	--abr:
	The sorting method is by ABR.
	--tab:
	The sorting method is by a linked list.

6. Licensing
This project was build under the Creative Commons licence.
